the staff today we have in video to
side of an application, you
ask once the app download
to make your phone louder
I have here in the right samsung pocket
how to make it louder
Look at this, I'm going to get him out of captivity.
right
exactly this application that my
Mine that the value is not strange is this
application that makes your speech louder
other apps say they left
taller but does not leave sometimes
need to download the programs and even
it takes much longer but this app
what music involves strange if low
For your part, by the play in store.
place thor you lower for him in
internet you enter and wifi or 3g
Right this app is very good
Oh, it's very good, you can see I'm going.
use applications
the application is very interesting it
leave it much louder
Look, here I go , I'm going to turn it off.
disconnected, I used to say that
At that time, the musician was
you will see
the height of São José during the more
now it looks like height and it got
think
information such as jal
so this is a tactical blow you go
find staff but play stop the
music is extreme volumes is very good you
download
thanks for the basic works in the video lesson
until the next